
lab12.Train Method IsCar
lab12.Train Method IsTrain
lab12.Train Method Clone
lab12.Train Method ToString
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Price
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Price
System.Object Method GetType
System.Object Method Equals
System.Object Method GetHashCode
lab12.Train Constructor .ctor
lab12.Vehicle Property Name
lab12.Vehicle Property Owner
lab12.Vehicle Property Price
lab12.Train Method IsCar
lab12.Train Method IsTrain
lab12.Train Method Clone
lab12.Train Method ToString
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Price
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Price
System.Object Method GetType
System.Object Method Equals
System.Object Method GetHashCode
lab12.Train Constructor .ctor
lab12.Vehicle Property Name
lab12.Vehicle Property Owner
lab12.Vehicle Property Price
lab12.Train Method IsCar
lab12.Train Method IsTrain
lab12.Train Method Clone
lab12.Train Method ToString
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Price
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Price
System.Object Method GetType
System.Object Method Equals
System.Object Method GetHashCode
lab12.Train Constructor .ctor
lab12.Vehicle Property Name
lab12.Vehicle Property Owner
lab12.Vehicle Property Price
lab12.Train Method IsCar
lab12.Train Method IsTrain
lab12.Train Method Clone
lab12.Train Method ToString
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Price
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Price
System.Object Method GetType
System.Object Method Equals
System.Object Method GetHashCode
lab12.Train Constructor .ctor
lab12.Vehicle Property Name
lab12.Vehicle Property Owner
lab12.Vehicle Property Price
lab12.Train Method IsCar
lab12.Train Method IsTrain
lab12.Train Method Clone
lab12.Train Method ToString
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Price
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Price
System.Object Method GetType
System.Object Method Equals
System.Object Method GetHashCode
lab12.Train Constructor .ctor
lab12.Vehicle Property Name
lab12.Vehicle Property Owner
lab12.Vehicle Property Price
lab12.Train Method IsCar
lab12.Train Method IsTrain
lab12.Train Method Clone
lab12.Train Method ToString
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Price
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Price
System.Object Method GetType
System.Object Method Equals
System.Object Method GetHashCode
lab12.Train Constructor .ctor
lab12.Vehicle Property Name
lab12.Vehicle Property Owner
lab12.Vehicle Property Price
lab12.Train Method IsCar
lab12.Train Method IsTrain
lab12.Train Method Clone
lab12.Train Method ToString
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Price
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Price
System.Object Method GetType
System.Object Method Equals
System.Object Method GetHashCode
lab12.Train Constructor .ctor
lab12.Vehicle Property Name
lab12.Vehicle Property Owner
lab12.Vehicle Property Price
lab12.Train Method IsCar
lab12.Train Method IsTrain
lab12.Train Method Clone
lab12.Train Method ToString
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Price
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Price
System.Object Method GetType
System.Object Method Equals
System.Object Method GetHashCode
lab12.Train Constructor .ctor
lab12.Vehicle Property Name
lab12.Vehicle Property Owner
lab12.Vehicle Property Price
lab12.Train Method IsCar
lab12.Train Method IsTrain
lab12.Train Method Clone
lab12.Train Method ToString
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Name
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Owner
lab12.Vehicle Method get_Price
lab12.Vehicle Method set_Price
System.Object Method GetType
System.Object Method Equals
System.Object Method GetHashCode
lab12.Train Constructor .ctor
lab12.Vehicle Property Name
lab12.Vehicle Property Owner
lab12.Vehicle Property Price
